---
layout: post
title: LG LA6608 How to sort station list
---

A few weeks ago, I bought a new TV LA6608 from LG. I am really pleased with the display and the integrated speakers are quite good for internal ones. So you could think, that I am really satisfied with it. The only problem is, that the menu to sort your tv stations is the worst think imaginable. Don't get me wrong I know how Samsung is doing it and it is not good. But the version from LG is so bad I can only assume it is some kind of weird contest to create the worst possible user experience. Luckily there is an open source tool chansort to sort channels on your PC, but first you have to get the list from your TV. Here I want to describe how I was able to extract the TV list from a LG 42LA6608. The procedure should be the same for all display version of the LA6608 and most of the new 2013 LG tv sets.

**You will need:**
1. USB Stick
2. Programmable remote control (I used a one for all URC 7756)
3. PC which is able to run chansort
4. Some time

### Step 1: Preparing the remote control
Program your remote to work with your tv set. This might need some time until you find a version that works with your remote and your TV. After that you have to teach your remote special functions not present on the default layout. For my remote the procedure is as follows:

1. Press the device key (TV)
2. Press and hold the MAGIC key until the device keys blinks twice (the device key will blink once then twice)
3. Press **9 9 4**. The device key will blink twice
4. Press the MAGIC key once
5. Enter the 5-digit magic number 00018. (The new function is called **EZ_ADJUST**)
6. Press the **key to which the function will be assigned**. The device key will blink twice

### Step 2: Cloning the channel list to USB
1. Turn on your TV, insert your USB stick and press the key for the **EZ_ADJUST** command
2. Enter the PIN, this could be 0413, 0000 or you will have to google your TV set to find the PIN
3. A new debug menu opens with loots of options. Be warned, you might be able to brick your TV with those options. Don't select any but press 'menu' on your remote
4. A new menu appears that is designed for hotels
5. Choose "Channel list" or similar option
6. Choose "Clone to USB"

### Step 3: Use chansort to sort the lists of channels
There are many [tutorials](https://github.com/PredatH0r/ChanSort/wiki) in the web on how to do this. 


### Step 4: Bring the new list to your TV
1. Turn on your TV, insert your USB stick and press the key for the **EZ_ADJUST** command
2. Enter the PIN, this could be 0413, 0000 or you will have to google your TV set to find the PIN
3. A new debug menu opens with loots of options. Be warned, you might be able to brick your TV with those options. Don't select any but press 'menu' on your remote
4. A new menu appears that is designed for hotels
5. Choose "Channel list" or similar option
6. Choose "Clone from USB" or similar option
7. Your TV will turn off once it finished

### Additional hint
I was only able to play back the sorted channels after I completely wiped all channels and did a complete search for channels. This might be a bug that gets fixed in the future

### Useful links
* [Chansort](https://github.com/PredatH0r/ChanSort)
* [OPenLGTV](http://openlgtv.org.ru)
* [http://www.ullrich.es/](http://www.ullrich.es/)

